Clarification for standalone DBs and line wrap (#9920)
MicrosoftDocs/sql-docs: docs/relational-databases/system-functions/sys-fn-hadr-backup-is-preferred-replica-transact-sql.md

  
## Returns  
 Returns data type **bool**: 1 if the database on the current instance is on the preferred replica, otherwise 0.  

> [!NOTE]  

> > For databases that are not part of an AG, this function alsways returns 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For databases that are not part of an availability group, this function always returns 1.
```

Author: ouch, thanks for catching my typo
